{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15480\viewh7960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. What is a RESTful interface? \
It is an application program interface(API) that uses HTTP requests to GET, PUT, POST, and DELETE data.\
\
2. When do you use it? \
You use it when you need to use one of the HTTP methods.\
\
3. What are its characteristics?\
GET-This allows you to get data\
PUT -This allows you to revise data\
POST -This allows you to create something\
DELETE -This is where you want something removed\
\cb1 \
\cb3 4. What is the difference between POST and PUT?\
POST- Every time you post something you will see it. It is something you create. Visually it\'92s like seeing a post on an app or website. You can post something and you will see it visually. \
PUT- It is more behind the scenes. You can make a revision. Or do something several times using PUT and you may or may not see it.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 5. How does the record ID work in Firebase? \
They are a combination of a timestamp and something else. The timestamp ensure they are ordered chronologically and the something else give an ID that is unique so that multiple people can be creating and push IDs at the same time.\
\
6. Why does it take two steps to save a record (first POST then PUT) in our app? \
Post requests that the server accepts whatever is being enclosed and requested.\
Put takes the requests of whatever is enclosed and is asked to store it\
\
7. Why does the FirebaseItem protocol even exist?\
It allows for HTTP syntax to pass messages from your app server to the client.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 8. Explain what a generic type is and what advantages it offers.\
A generic type is when \'93<\'93, \'94>\'94, \'93T\'94, \'93U\'94 is used in the naming convention. If we declare that the function takes a generic element we can use that generic element in multiple parts.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 9. What does a URLRequest do? \
It is asking for the web address.\
\
10. When do you need one and when can you just use a URL?\
You need a URL Request when you are getting information from a web site like if you were getting data from an api. You can use just the URL when you are using firebase\
\cb1 \
\cb3 11. What is the role of a URL session? \
It is where you are fetching data through data tasks and using do catch block.\
\
12. How does it work?\
It works by decoding information through try and also catching errors.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 13. What are completion handlers? \
These allow you to order things and allows you to code when you want things to execute\
\
14. Why use completion handlers? \
It allows you to run the function in a specific order\
\
15. What advantages do they provide?\
You can pass along information out of a function through a completion handler\
\cb1 \
\cb3 16. Explain at least three strategies that promote code reuse that we used in today's project\
-1 The firebase files were untouched and we were able to just use them in different projects\
-2 Evidently you can refactor a project and still have it work using the firebase files\
-3 When using the HTTP methods you can pretty much copy and paste those lines of code because they will always have the same function.\cb1 \
}